[t@2]
Habit 2: Begin with the end in mind
[q@2>2.1]
What does it mean to begin with the end in mind?
[q@2>2.2]
What are mission statements?
[b@2.1]
To begin with the end in mind is to plan before you act. This habit is the blueprint for your life. Its the rough draft for life. You write down your ideas as it comes to your head and then polish and turn into the final draft. When you begin with the end in mind you plan what you would like to do that day and then write down how you are going to do it and then you polish and do it perfectly and better than you would if you wing it.

[b@2.2]
Mission statements are everywhere. You see them at school, at church, maybe even at your own home. Mission statements vary greatly between purposes. For example a mission statement for a grocery store might be something like:
We will always sell fresh produce and smile at our customers.We will never frown at someone or judge them…
Meanwhile a mission statement for a bookstore might be something like this:
The books we sell will always be in pristine condition. We will always have the newest in all the popular book series…
Mission statements can even be lists. There is no set standard for what a mission statement has to be.
[t@2.2]
Examples of mission statements:
[b@2.2]
Microsoft: "To empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more"
Google: "To organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful"
Spotify: "To unlock the potential of human creativity—by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by it"
Asana: "To help humanity thrive by enabling all teams to work together effortlessly"
Nike: "Bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete in the world. If you have a body, you are an athlete"
Starbucks: "To inspire and nurture the human spirit—one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time"
Walmart: "To save people money so they can live better"
Patagonia: "We’re in business to save our home planet" (often cited for environmental focus).
American Red Cross: "To prevent and alleviate human suffering in the face of emergencies"
TED: "Spread ideas"
Habitat for Humanity: "Seeking to put God’s love into action, Habitat for Humanity brings people together to build homes, communities and hope"

